AGREEMENT TO OUR LEGAL TERMS

We are Mockit ("Company," "we," "us," "our"), a company registered in India at Krishnanagar City, Krishnanagar, West Bengal 741101,

We operate the mobile application Mockit (the "App"), as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these legal terms (the "Legal Terms") (collectively, the "Services").

You can contact us by email at mockit365@gmail .com or by mail to Krishnanagar City, Krishnanagar, West Bengal 741101, India.

These Legal Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("you"), and Mockit. concerning your access to and use of the Services. You agree that by accessing the Services, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Legal Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE LEGAL TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SERVICES AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Legal Terms at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last updated" date of these Legal Terms, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Legal Terms to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Legal Terms by your continued use of the Services after the date such revised Legal Terms are posted

The Services are intended for users who are at least 18 years old. Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to use or register for the Services.

OUR SERVICES

The information provided when using the Services is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in the Services (collectively, the "Content"), as well as the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the "Marks").

Our Content and Marks are protected by copyright

and trademark laws (and various other intellectual

property rights and unfair competition laws) and treaties in Bharat and around the world.

The Content and Marks are provided in or

through the Services "AS IS" for your personal,

non-commercial use only.

USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the Services, you represent and warrant

that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree

to comply with these Legal Terms; (2) you are not a

minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (3) you.

will not access the Services through automated or

non-human means, whether through a bot, script or

otherwise, (4) you will not use the Services for any

illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (5) your use of

the Services will not violate any applicable law or

regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue,

inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have

the right to suspend or terminate your account

and refuse any and all current or future use of the

Services (or any portion thereof).

PRODUCTS

All products are subject to availability. We reserve

the right to discontinue any products at any time

for any reason. Prices for all products are subject to

change.

PURCHASES AND PAYMENTS

We accept the following forms of payment.

-Visa

-Mastercard -UPI

-Debit Card

-Other

You agree to provide current, complete, and

accurate purchase and account information for all

purchases made via the Services. We may change

prices at any time. All payments shall be in INR().

REFUNDS POLICY

All sales are final and no refund will be issued.

PRIVACY POLICY

We care about data privacy and security. By using

the Services, you agree to be bound by our Privacy

Policy posted on the Services, which is incorporated

into these Legal Terms. We do not collect any of

your data other than name and email-address(gmail)

that too is local to your device and not our servers.

Please be advised the Services are hosted in India.
